Adds a more step by step guide to Federation (#9)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/how-to-guides/integrations/nextjs.adoc

> = How to use the Neo4j GraphQL Library with Next.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[next.js]]
:description: This page shows information on how to use the Neo4j GraphQL Library with Next.js
= Use the Neo4j GraphQL Library with Next.js
```

> We maintain an https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-apollo-neo4j-graphql[example project] in the Next.js repository  on how to use the Neo4j GraphQL Library with Next.js. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-apollo-neo4j-graphql[example project] in the Next.js repository demonstrates how to use Neo4j with https://neo4j.com/docs/getting-started/appendix/example-data/[the "Movies" example], the Neo4j GraphQL Library and https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/[Apollo Server].
```
